Update index.mdx (#275)
TkDodo/blog: content/posts/seeding-the-query-cache/index.mdx

The earlier you initiate a fetch, the better, because the sooner it starts, the sooner it can finish. 🤓

> - If your architecture supports server side rendering - consider [fetching on the server](https://tanstack.com/query/v4/docs/framework/react/guides/ssr).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your architecture supports server side rendering - consider [fetching on the server](https://tanstack.com/query/v5/docs/framework/react/guides/ssr).
```

> - If you have a router that supports loaders, consider [prefetching there](https://tanstack.com/query/v4/docs/framework/react/guides/ssr).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have a router that supports loaders, consider [prefetching there](https://tanstack.com/query/v5/docs/framework/react/guides/prefetching).
```
